herself
This is really cool.
I hate McDonalds.
Mcdonalds is really a poor, unfurnished, dirty establishment. I will never go back there as long as I live.
i just visited this store with my two young kids and was disgusted at the filth that was throughout the store. The store looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a month. I saw two roaches walking around the drink center. I can only imagine what the back must look like. The floor was so sticky, my shoes were sticking as I walked. They children's play area was repulsing. I will never go there again. It was a Sunday at 11:00 in the morning. This is unacceptable!!!!
Whenever I go to McDonalds and order a McFlurry they never mix it with the machine and I have asked them multiple times if they would mix my McFlurry and they never did. I do not know if you could possibly do anything about this but that would be greatly appriciated. Thank you.
I have been a loyal customer long before but especially since McDonalds picked up the new premium coffee movement. At first the coffee was good. What happened? At some time over the past year the coffee has changed. It is now a darker and bitter coffee. Why? Why did you change a good thing? I'm sad to say that our breakfast visits have slowed drastically. I like the Bacon, Egg and Cheese Bagels and they are NEVER consistent. One day the bagel is completely uncooked and the next day it's burnt AND stale. What is going on? I started ordering the Sausage McMuffin off the
My son hasn't eaten in 3 days and finally got an appetite and wanted a mcdouble... Well I got charged for it and he was the only one that didn't get to eat.. And when I call the one in El Cajon off camino canada nobody will answer the phone 
went to dowagiac mi restaurant as I usally when I have my grandson. 90% of the time I go my orders are always messed up but this time took the cake. Ordered a Big Mac meal and my sandwich had only one hamburger patty on it. Now come on, you put everything else on it and don't notice it only has one patty on it when you put the top bun on
i have a complaint about the delivery service i live in first settlement and when we used to call el rehab branch they used to say they deliver only inside rehab city and we kept waiting for first settlment branch to open and when it did and started delivery i called them and they said ok we deliver to first settlment then they said i am out of area knowing that i live behind mirage cityand they deliver only till palm residence which is near my house btw so i need to know why i am out of area although i live 5 mins away from mcdonalds emeral empire branch so no way that a closer branch
Sunday evening, April 27 2014, I entered Mcdonalds with a friend of mine in marble arch London, we had made an arrangement to meet another friend who was waiting for us. He had been sitting there expecting us for a little while. When we met him we sat for a few minutes deciding what to eat for only a few minutes. Within a short time a staff member arrived and addressed my friend saying that he had to leave cause he had not ordered anything. Our friend, by the way, is Jamaican, I wonder if that had anything to do with the staff member's attitude. I explained that we were all going to
Sunday evening, April 27 2014, I entered Mcdonalds with a friend of mine in marble arch London, we had made an arrangement to meet another friend who was waiting for us. He had been sitting there expecting us for a little while. When we met him we sat for a few minutes deciding what to eat for only a few minutes. Within a short time a staff member arrived and addressed my friend saying that he had to leave cause he had not ordered anything. Our friend, by the way, is Jamaican, I wonder if that had anything to do with the staff member's attitude. I explained that we were all going to.
I am slightly confused with how some of their employees can not meet a simple demand. I placed an order of a big mac meal with honey mustard and an additional coke. I did not get a receipt and I was already on my way down the street before I realized instead of getting honey mustard, I received hot mustard sauce and pure honey? The manager Dora wasn't really understanding or comprehending what I was saying. I guess if you're going to expect good quality service from this McDonald's you had better "double check" what sauce(s) they give you. The food however was
